---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

###February 29 through March 4###
###Past week ###
We finished up the range exercise on Monday by creating the range class and methods based on the RangeIterator exercise we wrote on the previous Friday. On Wednesday we learned about decorators and how they pass a function through multiple functions with just an addition before the function definition. We took our first test on Thursday, so we had no class on Friday.

###Challenges###
My challenge for this week was the test. I spent a bit of time studying for it since it was worth so much and since I did poorly on many of the quizzes. The note sheets that other people posted were pretty useful and helped me during the exam. I thought that the exam wasn’t too long or short, and I thought that the content was pretty fair to what we learned. I had thought that the test would have had several small quick questions similar to the quizzes, so I studied those the previous week too. 

###Next week###
The new project came out this week, and it looks like it will be interesting and challenging. I haven’t worked with databases very much before, so this will be a good learning experience. It appears that this project will have three parts that build on each other, so it will be important to get each part done well so that it doesn’t hurt the work done in other parts. 

###Tip of the week###
[Plex](https://plex.tv) is a free and really convenient media player software that makes it easy to have all of your digital media in one location. It has a ton of information about each movie, so once you add the movie to the collection it will update the description and allow you to choose from a selection of movie posters. It works on any computer, Playstation 3 or 4, Raspberry Pi, Amazon fire stick, and many other devices. 
