---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

###February 8 through 12###
###Past week ###
I've spent quite a bit of this past week working on the Netflix project. I was initially concerned about the size and complexity of the project as I thought that it would require parsing a large amount of big data and complex statistical skills to come up with a very good solution to the problem. However, after the professor described it more detail and I actually started working on the assignment I realized that it wasn't as huge as I thought it was, especially since other people were uploading their own caches. I got to listen to the guy from main street hub talk about his company and software development cycle, which was interesting. I also got to listen to him again since I'm also in 371p, which wasn't as interesting. 

###Challenges###
My main challenge this past week was having enough time for all of my other assignments. I want to get a good grade on everything and complete each assignment before it's due, but I ended up just working on my projects and then completing my homework the night before was due.

###Next week###
Next week I will finish up my object oriented programming and software engineering projects, and also finish my math homework, and also write an essay about Minoan rings. 

###Experience so far###
I think that this class is going to be useful for me both in terms of software engineering and for coding and career skills. I thought that the guest speaker was a nice change from the normal class day and pretty useful as well. The quizzes force me pay attention and I learn something new everyday in class. 

###Tip of the week###
Get a head start on everything that you want to finish. If you end up finishing early you can always find another assignment to work on, and if you don't finish early then you needed that extra time. One benefit of procrastinating is that teachers and students will post more questions and answers so that you have the most information later in the assignment. However, you can still work on the assignment to the best of your ability, or at least until you hit a block, so that you are ready to finish the assignment once you learn what you need to.
