---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

###February 1 through 5###
###Past week ###
I spent a while this past week on the project in order to get everything working correctly. Before the week started I had only gotten through the steps with the simplest code, so I still had at least half of the assignment to do by Thursday. However, the previous week I had already written all of the optimizations for my Object-Oriented Programming project, so all I had to do was transcribe it to python. Originally I had planned to try to use a completely different optimization for this project, but I realized that I couldn't think of any optimizations that were comparable in speed, so I just stuck with what I knew would work. I turned in everything on time and got that over with and started working on my backlog of homework, which luckily was limited to one essay and one math assignment.

###Challenges###
My main challenge this week was to turn in everything on time. I finished all of the code for the project on Wednesday, so I had plenty of time. However, I needed to add all of the comments for the project, and then I needed to redo some of them for the html page. Several times I created a new file for Sphere so that it would also have all of the latest comments. If I have extra time for a project, I like to use it up making sure that it is as good as possible, so I tested my code and worked on the comments until 8:30 PM. I was stressing out about making sure that everything was there and working, since I put so much time into the assignment and didn't want to lose 20% of the grade for something really simple. 20% is 1.4% of the final grade, which is more than enough to change to a different letter grade. I ended up submitting the assignment at 9:30 and going home. At around 9:50, I checked Piazza to see what anyone was posting, and realized that I had submitted the git SHA for a previous commit. I fixed that and submitted it at 9:55. I then noticed that I got the files mixed up and submitted the json file for 371p, and had to resubmit that, at 9:59, one minute before it was due. Needless to say, I was a little stressed out in the last minute and afraid that I would lose 20% of my grade for something so simple. However, it must have all worked out fine because I didn't get any email telling me that I needed to resubmit.

###Next week###
I'm going to get a head start on the next project and try to get as much of it out of the way as possible. I also need to work on the 371p project next week as well. 

###Experience so far###
I'm liking that I'm learning a ton of new things. I did not know much python going into this class, and knew even less about good software writing habits and testing methods.

###Tip of the week###
I found [this great read][http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/] on how to make useful and elegant git commit messages.
