---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---

###May 2 through 6###
###Past week ###
We presented our project on Monday and then watched the rest of the presentations on the Wednesday. I studied for the test, though not as much as I should have since I spent more time studying for the Oop test.

###Challenges###
The test was pretty challenging for me. I thought that the questions were fair, but I expected the XML question to be only a small comparison between the types instead of the largest question of the test. I think there should have been a question on the readings since they wouldn’t have required much time to answer. 

###Next week###
Next week I am going to study for my two finals that I still have left to take.

###Experience so far###
I thought that this was a good class. I liked that the projects were interesting and I learned quite a bit while completing them. I thought the tools that we learned were useful. I would have liked if what we learned in class was more relevant to the project, especially around the the final project.

###Tip of the week###
When finishing up with a class look through all of the files you have saved for that class and organize and save the files you think you might need and delete what you know you don't need. This way you'll know what each file does and if it is useful, and your file system won't be cluttered with useless files and folders. If you don't know if a folder should be deleted you can just zip it up to save space. Another useful thing is to have somewhere to dump any files you might need, like a large flash drive, an external hard drive, or even an old laptop you don't use very often.
