---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

###January 19 through 22###
###Past week ###
Classes began on Tuesday the nineteenth, and this class began on the following day. On Wednesday we discussed some of the differences and similarities between Python2, Python3, and Java, and laid out the  kind of work expected for the semester. On Friday the teacher introduced us to the first project and discussed all of the work that will go into it. I started working on the project since I would like to finish it as soon as possible, as it looks like it will take a while to set everything up the way the teacher wants.  I also had to create this blog, which took an afternoon to set up. It only took that less than an hour to actually set up the blog, but it took longer to realize why it wasn't displaying my posts. I then took another hour to make the blog look how I want. 
###Difficulties###
The assignment uses several tools and aspects of programming that I have either never used or used sparingly. I've used Github several times, but never with branches or issue tracking. I've never used Travis or Sphere, and tests that I make are usually very simplistic. I am currently also enrolled in 371p Object-Oriented Programming, which has the same teacher, and incidentally the same project, albeit in c++. Because of this, once I figure one assignment out, I should be able to knock the other one out pretty easily. One problem that I realized I might encounter would be a future lack of private repositories, since both classes require me to use private repositories. However, I can tackle that problem later, either by deleting the repositories of finished projects, or by using a partner's repository for a group assignment. The blog requires a picture of myself, and I tried to find a photo on my phone or computer and realized that I have only taken a single photo of myself in the past one and a half years, so I had to take another.  
###Next week###
Next week I plan on trying to finish the project for this class. I have not looked at the books for this class either, so I plan on reading some of those this week, at least to get the general gist of how they are formatted and the difficulty of each.

###Tip of the week###
If you have two classes that both need a blog, you create one, and then fork it to the other one.
