---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

###April 11 through 15###
###Past week ###
We got the instructions for the final part of the project this past week. While the search seems challenging to implement, it is less work than the previous projects. Since there wasn't as much work we didn’t start working on it until Thursday. In class we learned more about sql and started discussing refactoring.

###Challenges###
I know enough JavaScript and HTML to get by, but the search function was still very challenging for me. Javascript seems much more confusing and less powerful that other languages. Sometimes I would find a solution that would work for something that would break another part of the project or wouldn't be compatible with the rest of the website. Luckily I am stubborn so I spent twenty to thirty hours just debugging and making it work. 

###Next week###
Next week I'll work on the project more and get the search function working entirely. We still need to get the and/or search working and the presentation set out. I don't think this will be stressful as the last project since we have most of the project already done. 

###Tip of the week###
[OpenSeadragon](https://openseadragon.github.io/) is a javascript program that allows you to view large images by breaking it down into smaller images so that you never need to load the entire image. There are multiple programs in several different languages to create the file, and it is all open source, which means that there is little debugging to get it to work. I reacently created a gigabyte image 1.73 GB, 30000x40000 pixel image, and this was the only way that I could find to view it.
