---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

###March 21 through 25###
###Past week ###
Last week we spent most of our time learning about relational algebra, elements, operations and closed and open relations. This will be useful when creating the database for our website. On Wednesday we went over relational tables and then on Friday we learned about cross-joins, theta-joins, and natural-joins. Our group finished our project on Thursday and submitted it. 

###Challenges###
I had three group projects due on Thursday night, so I had to find time to meet up with all of them and work on the projects. I was able to find time for them throughout the week, but on Thursday they all came together and I had to split up my time between them all. One was due at midnight, so I mostly worked on that one after the other two were due.  

###Next week###
Next week I will start working on creating the database for the project and getting it working with everything else. I had some difficulty getting carina to work consistently, so I am a little concerned that the database might present a problem, but now that I know more about docker and the cluster I think that I’ll be able to solve any problems that arise. Other that that I also have some math homework, an essay, and another project in 371p to work on. I might be getting my next project in Cyberphysical systems to start working on, so I’m going have a full week.

###Tip of the week###
If you want to run a command on a machine you can simple run “ssh username@hostname command” on the terminal rather than sshing into it running the command and logging out. 
For example “ssh nbain@aida.cs.utexas.edu uptime” returns “19:32:50 up 3 days, 12:04,  0 users,  load average: 1.73, 2.76, 3.04”
This is also useful if you want a script to do something simple on a machine.
